(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh ARC‐V"...
(groaning)
Whoa, it looks like New Domino
City got totally blown away!
We're not
in New Domino City.
This is my home.
Or what's left of it.
We're in the Xyz Dimension.
Don't do it! No!
(trilling sound)
(gasping)
No way!
He turned him into a card!
We're looking
for a friend of ours.
Her name is Zuzu Boyle.
If she was here, she's probably
been turned into a card by now.
There's not many of us left.
Six targets found
and soon to be acquired.
Let's duel!
You might think
we're just following
the Professor's orders.
But we'd carry out his plan even
if he didn't order us to
because we believe
in his project!
Yeah, it's a mindblower
he calls the ARC Project.
It'll merge all four dimensions
into a single, perfect world!
(all)
Our monsters are ready...
... to swing into action!
(screaming)
(man)
Come on!
(explosion)
What was that?
Looks like this
is my lucky day.
I love it when the prey
comes to me.
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
I can't believe you
turned them into cards.
They got what they deserved.
They're from Duel Academy!
My sworn enemies.
But not even my worst enemy
deserves anything so awful!
Imagine being trapped
inside a card?
That's horrible!
That's right!
By doing what
you just did,
you proved you're just
as twisted as they are!
But, um...
You tried to do the exact same
thing a little while ago.
Are you with the Resistance?
We've been looking
all over for you guys!
I don't know who you
are and I don't care.
I'm getting rid of you
all right here, right now.
So say goodbye to Blondie over
there and your pathetically
coiffed pal
with the pompadour.
No! We're on
the same side!
I'll be the judge
of that.
Just listen
to me first!
Anyone can claim to be against
Duel Academy or to be my ally.
But words can deceive.
Lies have cost me too much
and now I trust no one,
so let's duel!
Sure thing.
Won't take a minute
to ice this guy.
Hold on!
Gong's thinking it might
be best to chill!
I'm chill!
In fact, I'm as cool
as a cucumber
and I'm betting
this bigmouth
is all talk
and absolutely no walk!
By the time
I'm through with him
he'll be begging
for a second chance
to make
a first impression.
You didn't have us
as enemies before...
But you do now!
By challenging us
to a duel,
you just ordered
yourself a Sylvio slamdown
and I'll be serving it up,
compliments of the house!
Your order's up!
(computerized voice)
Generating Action
Field Crossover.
Action Field?
Impressive, huh?
Action duels are a new type
of dueling I invented!
Oh, really?
You invented
Action Duels?
Only thing you invent are new
ways to bend the truth.
Are you two
done interrupting?
Pardon my two minions.
Now let's get started,
shall we?
Two minions?
Sylvio...
That's me!
The first name
in Action Dueling!
It's times like these I wish
Sylvio had an off switch.
Or at least a mute button.
Let's duel!
The first turn is mine!
And I'm using it
to set the stage
with Abyss Actor Wild Hope!
(grunts)
Then I'll place one card
facedown and end my turn.
Then it's my move.
(Gong)
Hold that draw!
Gong ain't gonna sit back and
let you get away
with dissing his do.
(computerized voice)
Intrusion penalty.
2,000 life points.
Gong summons Superheavy Samurai
Swordsman in attack mode!
Wow, a monster in attack mode
is not Gong's style
but I like the fact
that he's changing things up
and coming out swinging!
He must really hate it
when someone pokes fun
at his pompadour.
Let's double‐team
this punk!
We'll attack on my mark!
Sorry.
Not happening.
Huh?
Gong thinks this clown show
has gone on long enough.
Gong equips Superheavy Samurai
Soulpeacemaker
on to Gong's Swordsman!
So now Gong's Swordsman
is the only monster
that can be attacked!
What a smart move.
Gong's opponents can only attack
Swordsman, but Swordsman has its
own special ability
that zeroes out
it's opponent's attack points.
So if anyone attacks Gong,
it's like running headlong
into defeat.
That means no one can attack,
not Gong, not Sylvio,
not anyone!
(Gong)
Now that no one can attack,
everyone can take a moment
to chill and talk this out.
(Yuya)
This guy might not be
with the Resistance,
but he's definitely
not a fan of Duel Academy.
He might be a good ally to have,
if he doesn't turn us all
into cards first.
That was quick thinking!
I knew you were smart
but that was downright genius!
Gong's got brains
and the brawn!
If you two are through,
there's a duel over here
that needs to be won!
And I'm about to make sure
that happens!
I'm now activating
the Action Spell, Broken Ruin!
If you're holding a different
number of cards than me,
then you take 300
points of damage
for each extra card
you have in your hand!
I'm holding three cards
to your five.
Your two extra cards will
cost you 600 life points!
Dagnabbit!
Since Blondie over there
took damage, my Soulpeacemaker
is automatically destroyed.
(giggling)
Exactly as I had planned!
Now we can attack each other
again, 'cause what's an action
duel with no action!
Hey, you big dummy!
Gong was just tryin' to buy some
time so that we can all talk
and hash things out!
Why would I ever want
to do that, Gong?
Try putting a few
brain cells to work!
Anybody who claims to be
an enemy of Duel Academy
is a friend to us!
I'm not
your friend.
I have no friends.
They've all been taken away
and I'm going to relish making
you pay for their pain!
I can see
right through you!
Action Field,
Action Spells...
I've spent my whole life in
Heartland and I guarantee nobody
around here duels
the way you do.
You're clearly
not from around here,
and if you're not
from here,
then I don't know you.
And if I don't know you,
you will be hunted down
like the enemy!
I draw!
And I'll start by summoning
Cipher Wing!
(gasps)
Cipher?
When I have one Cipher Wing on
my field, I can summon another
one from my hand
to double the threat!
Gong knows what's next!
Two Level 4's...
Can only mean he's
gonna Xyz Summon!
Not on my watch!
Because I'm activating the trap,
Abyss Actor's Injury!
In the acting world,
breaking a leg means good luck.
But it won't be good luck
if I break a wing,
a Cipher Wing
to be exact!
You can no longer use it to
summon another monster!
So now any Xyz Summoning
you were planning is a no‐go.
You had that trap
ready to activate
from the start
o' this duel.
(Sylvio)
Look at him admiring my genius!
The second we ran into
this hotshot,
my eyes zeroed in
on his dragon.
I'd never seen one like it.
I could sense right away it was
his monster of choice.
With Duel Academy hunting down
everyone in sight,
the fact this guy has survived
means his dragon must be
amazingly powerful,
So I had to make sure that he
couldn't Xyz Summon it!
Only thing tough about him
is his talk.
I can read him like book.
Gong can appreciate your
strategy, but you're trying to
put out a fire
with kerosene!
Huh?
Can't you get it through
that eggshell on your neck
that you're just
making things worse?
It's hopeless.
(surprised groans)
You have no clue
the true skills Kite possesses.
But how...?
(Yuya)
How did I know his name?
Only someone from the Xyz
Dimension would know...
Like you, Yuto!
Kite... Kite Tenjo.
One of the best, if not
the best, in all of
Heartland.
But he's acting differently
than before...
The Kite I knew always
had a smile on his face.
You can't stop
the unstoppable!
I activate the spell
Cipher Interference!
When I have at least two Cipher
Wings, one of them has their
attack points
doubled during battle.
Cipher Wing!
Take out Abyss Actor Wild Hope!
You may have ended
Wild Hope's career,
but it has one grand
finale in store.
Its special ability allows me to
add one Abyss Actor in my deck
to my hand!!
That won't help you
when my other Cipher Wing
attacks you directly!
(screams)
Sylvio!
I've had my fun with you
for now, but know this.
I like to toy with my prey
before I strike the final blow.
I end my turn
with two facedowns.
(growling)
Gong bets your back wishes you
hadn't jumpstarted this duel
(Yuto)
Kite may be full of anger now,
but I'll never forget
those moves.
Moves that only Kite can do.
Moves that made him
a champion.
(Yuya)
But he's changed?
He has.
Kite used to duel with joy.
Now all I sense is rage,
a rage so intense
that it's consumed
him completely.
(Yuya)
Rage?
Yes.
Whatever happened to Kite
transformed him
into an engine
of destruction.
Your friends
are finished!
I've had enough of this, Kite!
I figured it would be a kind
gesture to go easy on you
since you've
been through so much
but I'm having a change of
heart, so no more Mr. Nice Guy!
I'm setting the Pendulum Scale
with Scale 1
Abyss Actor ‐ Evil Heel
and Scale 8
Abyss Actor ‐ Funky Comedian!
They'll put on a show
you'll never forget!
Now I can summon a medley of
monsters between Levels 2 and 7!
What's this?
I Pendulum Summon!
It's time to take the stage!
Let's hear it for Abyss Actor ‐
Superstar,
and, in an encore performance,
Abyss Actor Wild Hope!
I already destroyed
that exact monster...
How could he summon it back?
Shay and I first met Kite
at a dueling tournament
that was being held between
our two schools.
Kite was Clover School's
star duelist.
His instincts were
always on point.
You make a move,
he had a spell ready.
You make another move, he had
trap ready for that too.
Now Superstar!
It's time!
Activate your special ability
and get the script
for your next role!
And this one's guaranteed
to be a scorcher!
I'm gonna turn up the heat
by activating
Abyss Script Fire
Dragon's Lair!
Now every time Abyss Actor
Superstar destroys your monster,
you, my good man,
have to banish three cards
from your Extra Deck!
If Sylvio's right and Kite's
go‐to dragon is an Xyz Monster,
then Sylvio
can now get rid of it!
And there's more!
I'm playing the spell Abyss
Actors' Costume Chest!
Every time I open this chest,
I can pull out a new prop
for Superstar to hold.
And first up
is my Hero's Sword!
It gives Abyss Actor Superstar
300 more attack points.
Next, Funky Comedian
will use his Pendulum ability!
Pendulum ability?
I'm chock full of surprises,
Kite, and I can tell by the look
on your face that
you know that now.
You see by returning one
Abyss Actor to my Extra Deck,
I can give its attack points to
another one of my monsters
until the end of the turn!
So Wild Hope,
skedaddle on home
but leave your 1,600
attack points with Superstar.
Abyss Actor Superstar,
attack and destroy Cipher Wing!
No, I don't think so!
Cipher Interference doubles
Cipher Wing's attack points!
Plus, I have another unpleasant
surprise for you!
I'm activating
the trap Cipher Shield!
When I have at last two Cipher
monsters on my field,
my Cipher monsters can't
be destroyed in battle!
I may have dealt him damage,
but he still has a minute
chance to summon his Dragon.
That's right and there's more
to come so just you wait!
Since you foolishly
dealt me damage,
I can activate
the trap Cipher Chain!
(growling)
What?
(Kite)
Now if even one monster in this
chain gang is destroyed,
all other monsters will be
destroyed too!
And with their destruction we
will each take damage that is
equal to their attack points.
That's a lot of damage I don't
think I can count that high!
It seems you can summon
multiple monsters at once.
So go ahead and do that.
You'll only be taking
more damage.
Notice how I said you'll
be taking damage, not me.
That's because due to the power
of my Cipher Shield,
I won't be taking
any damage at all!
Now Cipher Wing's attack points
drop back normal
Man, he's relentless.
Does anything faze him?
No.
Kite's always prepared, always
expecting the unexpected.
(Sylvio)
I'm ending my turn.
Which means my Funky Comedian's
special ability ends and my
Superstar's attack points are
dropping back down to normal.
Well, on a bright note
you guys,
at least we'll
be taking less damage.
Well, whoop‐dee‐doo!
We're still gonna get hit with
over 6,000 points of damage!
Unless, of course,
Gong tries something
he'll never see coming...
It's time for Gong
to have a go!
Gong summons Superheavy Samurai
Flutist!
Next by sending Superheavy
Samurai Soulbeads
to the graveyard,
Gong is allowed to summon
Gong's Tuner Monster,
Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter!
Then Gong's Level 2 Trumpeter
tunes with Level 3 Flutist
and Swordsman!
If we wanna free ourselves
from Kite's Chain
we're gonna need to
break it,
and I've got the perfect Samurai
for the job!
Gong Synchro Summons!
Superheavy Samurai Ninja
Sarutobi!
I activate its special ability!
Since there are no spell or trap
cards in Gong's graveyard,
it destroys one of Kite's spell
or trap cards,
and deals him 500
points of damage!
Go on and break
that Cipher Chain!
Blast it to smithereens!
Fortunately, Cipher Shield
protects me from any damage.
I'm reaching into my Costume
Chest to grab Abyss Costume
Dwarf's Shield so that my old
pal Gong here is sure to look
his very best.
After all, he really
saved my bacon
so here's a thank you
present!
Wear it in good health.
Might be a little tight, but
I think Sarutobi will find it
a perfect fit, especially 'cause
Dwarf Shield boosts its defense
points by 300!
Thanks, pal!
Sarutobi, attack Cipher Wing!
My monster can attack even
when it's in defense mode!
Hang on!
It's gonna get gusty!
(Kite)
Maybe for you!
My spell Cypher Interphere
doubles Cipher Wing's
attack points.
And since Cipher Shield
protects it,
your Sarutobi
can't destroy it!
You're still gonna
take damage, though!
My Cipher Interference spell's
effect will come to an end.
The same is true of Gong's turn.
Since Gong destroyed
Cipher Chain,
his life points
are safe and sound
For now, but they still have
to worry about Kite's dragon
waiting in the wings.
Yeah...
As long as Kite has that dragon,
they can't let their guard down,
not even for a moment.
As long as Kite has that dragon,
they can't let their guard down,
not even for a moment.
(Sylvio)
Oh, Yuya,
you worry too much!
My Abyss Actor's Injury is still
in effect so him Xyz Summoning
his Level 4 monsters
isn't going to happen,
no way, no how!
So Mark my words!
Kite's precious little dragon
will never make an appearance
in this duel!
No you're wrong.
What's that?
It's my turn.
And I'll start off by summoning
a third Cipher Wing!
All those Level 4's still
won't help you Xyz Summon.
Who says they're
staying Level Four?
By tributing my third
Cipher Wing,
its special ability
activates!
And the Levels of all Cipher
monsters on my field
increase by four.
Gong didn't see
that one comin'!
I overlay my Level 8 Cipher
Wings to build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon!
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon!
(roaring)
That dragon's
super powerful!
I sense unnatural rage
in that monster.
As if Kite had transferred his
own anger to his Cipher Dragon.
You tried to stop my dragon,
but what you failed to learn
was that my dragon's
unstoppable.
That is definitely a sight to
behold ‐ and was certainly
worth the wait, but one dragon
doesn't rattle this guy,
'cause I got plenty of tricks
to take you down next turn.
There won't be a next turn!
Galaxy‐Eyes use one of your
Overlay Units
and activate your
special ability!
Cypher Subjection!
(roaring)
I gain control of your monster!
Sarutobi!
(Kite)
And now it transforms
into a Galaxy‐Eyes!
Oh no, he's
got them cornered!
Get set!
Galaxy‐Eyes Cipher Dragon,
attack Abyss Actor Superstar!
And now my Cipher Interference
doubles the attack points
of Galaxy Eyes Cypher Dragon
making this unstoppable
force even more powerful!
(roaring)
Are you ready to lose?
Cipher Stream of Destruction!
(gasping)
And now for you!
Galaxy‐Eyes,
strike my enemy down!
(screaming)
Sylvio!
Gong!
No!
Stop right there!
Unless you want to be turned
into a card as well.
Enough!
You and I are both
on the same side.
We're here to put
an end to this war
and we can't
stop it unless
we work together!
Save your breath.
It's useless.
He doesn't
want to listen.
Then I guess I'll have to let
my cards do the talking for me!